INTMDB-276: Added VersionReleaseSystem parameter for resource/datasource(s) of cluster (#623)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/clusters.html.markdown

* `container_id` - The Network Peering Container ID.

> * `version_release_system` - Method by which this cluster maintains the MongoDB versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `version_release_system` - Release cadence that Atlas uses for this cluster.
```
